give me give me a tap tap I can't give
you a tab lets you order something right
give me a Pepsi free you want a Pepsi
powd you're gonna pay for it look just
give me something without any sugar in
it okay some of that ain't it fly
what do you think you're doing
Tess hey I'm talkin you McFly you Irish
Punk
oh hey Biff hey guys how are you doing
you got my homework finished McFly ah
well actually I figured since it wasn't
due till Monday hello hello anybody home
I think the fly thing
I gotta have time to recopy you you
realize what would happen if I hand in
my homework in your handwriting I'll get
kicked out of school you wouldn't want
that to happen would you would you well
now of course no I wouldn't want that to
happen
what are you looking at Butthead hey $50
this guy's life preserver dork thinks
he's gonna drown yeah how about my
homework McFly ah okay Biff well I'll uh
I'll finish that on up tonight and then
I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow
morning you're not too early I sleep in
Sunday Oh why your shoes I died huh oh
okay so a callable McFly I don't want to
see you in here okay all right bye bye
what your George McFly yeah who are you
say what do you let those boys push you
around like that for well they're bigger
than me
stand tall boy have some respect for
yourself don't you know if you let
people walk over you now they'll be
walking over you for the rest of your
life look at me you think I'm gonna
spend the rest of my life in this slop
out watch it goes no sir I'm gonna make
something of myself I'm going to night
school and one day I'm gonna be somebody
that's right he's gonna be married
Yaman yeah yeah no that's a good idea I
could run from here coloured mayor
that'll be the day you wait and see mr.
Carruthers I will be mayor I'll be the
most powerful man in Hill Valley and I'm
gonna clean up this town good you can
start by sweeping the floor man go buddy
Wilson liked the sound of that
hey hey
you